Add Security Policy Deprecation API (#5034)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/usage-guide/topics/ch06-security-policies.md

Currently TLS 1.2 is our default version, but we recommend TLS 1.3 where possible. To use TLS 1.3 you need a security policy that supports TLS 1.3.

## Deprecation of Security Policies

> s2n-tls may deprecate Security Policies. This may happen if any of the underlying algorithms contained in a Policy are no longer supported that may result in a behavior change for existing users of that policy. For example, Security Policies containing implementations of older draft post-quantum algorithms may be deprecated once new Security Policies with the standardized versions of those post-quantum algorithms are added to s2n-tls. If a Security Policy is deprecated, users will receive a `S2N_ERR_DEPRECATED_SECURITY_POLICY` error when requesting a Security Policy that has been deprecated.
> 

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this!

Your second sentence has some kind of typo or grammatical mistake, so I made an attempt to rewrite it. I also think we should remove the PQ example, because I'm worried it's more confusing than helpful for a random reader. And it looks like we don't capitalize "Security Policy" elsewhere in this doc, so that should probably be lowercase here to match.

```suggestion
s2n-tls may deprecate security policies. If s2n-tls drops support for an algorithm included in a security policy, the behavior of the security policy might unexpectedly change. Because s2n-tls promises that versioned policies will never change, we instead deprecate affected security policies. If a security policy is deprecated, users will receive a `S2N_ERR_DEPRECATED_SECURITY_POLICY` usage error when requesting that policy.
```
